Add more contribution guidelines, tweak/add other docs (#640)
plocket/docassemble-cucumber: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing

For documentation changes, you can just edit and make a pull request. Ignore the instructions below.

## Setup

1. Asking to join as a contributor is simplest. You can fork, but you will have to change lines in your `.env` file and may have to set GitHub secrets in your repository. You have to talk to us either way.
1. Clone the repository locally.
1. Run `npm install`
1. Create your `.env` file at the root of the project.
1. Contact @plocket to get important information for your `.env` file.
1. Run `npm run setup`

Advanced contributors: If you're going to work on our docassemble internal testing interviews, do so as a contributor on this repository. Avoid forking if you can. The reasons are complex.

## PRs

Before making a pull request

1. Search issues to see if what you are thinking of has been discussed yet.
1. Make an issue about the change you are thinking of.

> 1. Assing yourself to an issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Assign yourself to an issue.
```

1. Make a new branch.
1. Make your edits. Feel free to run tests as you go.
1. When you're ready to push
   1. Run `npm run test` to make sure your code passes all our tests.
   1. Make an entry in the `CHANGELOG.md` describing your change.
   1. AVOID changing the version number. We'll do that after merging your changes.
   1. If needed, update the `README.md` (e.g. the cheat sheet section) and/or `CONTRIBUTING.md` docs. Changes to our architecture might require editing `CONTRIBUTING.md`.
1. Push to GitHub.
1. Wait for the GitHub tests to pass. You may have to re-run failing tests - server restarts or race conditions may interfere with them. We have reduced them greatly, but some are impossible to avoid.

> 1. Make your pull request.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Make your pull request. Work in progress pull requests are great too. A pull request must be reviewed before it can be merged.
```

```
# For everyone

DOCASSEMBLE_DEVELOPER_API_KEY=<ask @plocket>
SERVER_URL=https://apps-dev.suffolklitlab.org
REPO_URL=https://github.com/SuffolkLITLab/alkiln
SERVER_RELOAD_TIMEOUT_SECONDS=
MAX_SECONDS_FOR_SETUP=

# For internal tests

# Set DEBUG to 1 to run in non-headless mode and see the test run live
DEBUG=
BRANCH_PATH=v4
USER1_EMAIL=<ask @plocket>
USER1_PASSWORD=<ask @plocket>
SECRET_VAR1=secret-var1-value
SECRET_VAR2=secret-var2-value
SECRET_FOR_MISSING_FIELD=secret for missing field
SECRET_INVALID_THERE_IS_ANOTHER=invalid value for there_is_another
```

## Running internal tests
Make the code available to test on the docassemble server:
```
npm run setup
```
To be able to keep running tests on the same code, avoid takedown.

Use the syntax below to trigger all tests (cucumber and unit tests):
```
npm run test
```

Run only cucumber tests:
```
npm run cucumber

# To test Features or Scenarios specific tags:
npm run cucumber -- "--tags" "@tagname"
```

To run the unit tests in isolation:
```
npm run unit
```

When done you want to test a new branch or internal test interview files have been updated, clean up before setting up again:
```
npm run takedown
```

> # Very general architecture of files and folders

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Very general architecture of files and folders
```

pages should only have one h1

Author: I actually see this as a separate section from the instructions on how to technically interact with our interview. You're right, though. 1 h1. Is it worth shifting everything under this?

Reviewer: I agree with the structure over all, just need to bump this and everything under it, yeah.

```js
// The test_something.feature file step
Then I sign

// relies on the code in steps.js
Then('I sign', { timeout: -1 }, async () => {
  return wrapPromiseWithTimeout(
    scope.steps.sign( scope ),
    scope.timeout
  );
});
```

### steps.js

`./lib/steps.js` defines all the Gherkin sentences that our users (the developers) can write. See [cucumber documentation on defining steps](https://cucumber.io/docs/cucumber/step-definitions/?lang=javascript). We sometimes use "cucumber expressions" and, but often use regular expressions as we often want to be more flexible about the user's input.

The file handles things like:
* Creating state
* Defining steps for the users/developers
* Defining steps for internal testing, like testing for appropriate errors and error messages
* Finishing a Scenario
* Finishing all tests

### scope.js

`./lib/steps.js` makes heavy use of `./lib/scope.js`, where most of the action happens. We have decided to mostly keep it in one file to avoid bouncing back and forth between files.

Many `./lib/steps.js` steps make use of the `scope.steps` object. It is there to avoid duplicating code between steps.

> The file hanldes things like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The file handles things like:
```

* Finding form fields on a page
* Filling out form fields
* Generating random data for form fields
* Waiting for pages to load
* Checking for server restarts
* Generating test report content

## Logging

> `./lib/utils/log.js` takes care of logging information of various kinds (normal, debug, error) to the console in ways we find useful. We should probably find a logging library instead, but this is what we have for now. An important feature is that it ensures the messages clearly belong to ALKiln and not to some other process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`./lib/utils/log.js` takes care of logging information of various kinds (normal, debug, error) to stdout in ways we find useful. We should probably find a logging library instead, but this is what we have for now. An important feature is that it ensures the messages clearly belong to ALKiln and not to some other process.
```

The console kinda implies the browser console, which isn't right.

Author: It actually does `console.log()`.

Reviewer: Fair, either would be right, since `console.log` in node still goes to `stdout` (and `stderr` apparently, looking into it). IMO it's more important to make it clear that it's a program running on the command line and not javascript running in the browser (which is a reasonable point of confusion).

If you think that the audience (coding knowledgeable folks, might or might not be familiar with node?) would understand "the console" better that fair; I can't speak to folks' perspective internal to node, just the external perspective.

## session_vas.js

The `./lib/utils/session_var.js` file keeps track of what you might otherwise think of as environment variables. We like to think of them as constants, but some of them do need go through functions, so for consistency we get them all through functions. Also because it was easier to test them when they are functions.

## Setup and takedown logic

> All of the setup and takedown logic is in the `./lib/docassemble` directory. Not a great name. It is named after the docassemble API code that is in there. Also, setup and takedown interact very closely with docassemble and the docassemble server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All of the setup and takedown logic is in the `./lib/docassemble` directory. It is named after the docassemble API code that is in there. Also, setup and takedown interact very closely with docassemble and the docassemble server.
```

IMO it's a fine name, lol

Author: I'd like to be clear about what we see as current down-sides to the codebase. I'd rather discuss the flaws. What are the cons you see to that? [Not snarky, honestly asking.]

Reviewer: My main thought here was that you say it's not a great name, and then describe why it's not that bad of a name. It might not be perfect, but no name is going to match everyone's mental model; that's part of learning a new code base, learning what existing terms are for things.

Speaking to flaws is fine, but from a teaching perspective (which this document is trying to teach folks about the code base), pointing out bad names isn't really helpful. I think the next sentence about this folder being a bit messy is good (it gives folks expectations about what they can expect if they read it), and the footnote about the "misuse of cucumber" is worded a bit more negatively than I would have personally put it, but is a really useful point to make, that we aren't trying to do BDD, but are more using it for the "English as code" features.

### Setup and takedown logic

All of the setup and takedown logic is in the `./lib/docassemble` directory. It is named after the docassemble API code that is in there. Also, setup and takedown interact very closely with docassemble and the docassemble server.

Other files also use the docassemble API functions, so this folder is in a bit of a messy position.

### Bash commands

When you `npm run` the scripts in our `./package.json` you can setup, run, or takedown tests. We are working on converting this to a command line tool to avoid some complexity in GitHub actions, increase security, and align more with what this framework has grown into. (TODO: Define this better)

### GitHub composite action

Our `./action.yml` is a [composite action](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/creating-actions/creating-a-composite-action). The users/developers let it do most of the work for them. It installs npm, installs our repo, then uses our repo to set up the tests, run the tests, generate and save reports, errors, and screenshots, and clean up the tests.

> ### Internal cucumber test interviews

Author: ```suggestion
### Internal tests
```

We have our own docassemble package in our repo to test our own end-to-end tests. Most of what the package needs is in `./docassemble`. That docassemble package is what the test setup pulls into the docassemble server. Our internal end-to-end cucumber tests are `.feature` files that are stored in `./docassemble/ALKilnTests/data/sources`. The interview (online form) `.yml` files that those `.feature` files use are also deep in the `./docassemble` package. You probably won't be touching the interview files. If you get curious, feel free to ask us.

There are other files the docassemble package needs, like `./setup.py`, so if you see them around, don't worry about them.

Our unit tests are in `./tests/unit_tests` and their filenames end in `.test.js`. Like the cucumber tests, they use chai for assertions. The fixtures for the tests are also contained in that folder and end in `.fixtures.js`.

If you want to know the commands, you can go to the [instructions for running tests](#running-internal-tests).

### Files that you don't need to look at

> `index.js` and `world.js` don't really matter. `./lib/utils/langs.js` used to work, but we're not sure it does anymore. No one has used it yet, so we're waiting to experiment until someone expresses a need or we have some extra time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`index.js` and `world.js` are short files that cucumber needs. `./lib/utils/langs.js` used to work, but we're not sure it does anymore. No one has used it yet, so we're waiting to experiment until someone expresses a need or we have some extra time.
```

They do matter, they're just really short, and not worth going into detail.

# Contributing

> For documentation changes, you can just edit and make a pull request. Ignore the instructions below.

Author: Feedback: Don't they also need to search issues too? Like for a code PR.

Response: For now, would rather keep it simple. If it becomes a problem in future, we can revisit it.

## Setup

1. Asking to join as a contributor is simplest. You can fork, but you will have to change lines in your `.env` file and may have to set GitHub secrets in your repository. You have to talk to us either way.

> 1. Clone the repository locally.

Author: Feedback: Include command?

Author: ```suggestion
1. Clone the repository locally: `git clone git@github.com:SuffolkLITLab/ALKiln.git`
```

1. Run `npm install`

> 1. Create your `.env` file at the root of the project.

Author: Feedback: Link to .env section below

Author: ```suggestion
1. Create [your `.env` file](#env) at the root of the project.
```

1. Contact @plocket to get important information for your `.env` file.
1. Run `npm run setup`

> Advanced contributors: If you're going to work on our docassemble internal testing interviews, do so as a contributor on this repository. Avoid forking if you can. The reasons are complex.

Author: Feedback:
```suggestion
Advanced contributors: If you're going to work on our docassemble internal testing interviews, do so as a contributor on this repository. Avoid forking if you can. The reasons are complex. If you feel a need to fork, reach out to us.
```

## PRs

Before making a pull request

1. Search issues to see if what you are thinking of has been discussed yet.
1. Make an issue about the change you are thinking of.
1. Assign yourself to an issue.
1. Make a new branch.

> 1. Make your edits. Feel free to run tests as you go.

Author: Feedback: Link to instructions to run tests.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Make your edits. Feel free to [run tests](#running-internal-tests) as you go.
```

1. When you're ready to push
   1. Run `npm run test` to make sure your code passes all our tests.
   1. Make an entry in the `CHANGELOG.md` describing your change.
   1. AVOID changing the version number. We'll do that after merging your changes.
   1. If needed, update the `README.md` (e.g. the cheat sheet section) and/or `CONTRIBUTING.md` docs. Changes to our architecture might require editing `CONTRIBUTING.md`.
1. Push to GitHub.

> 1. Wait for the GitHub tests to pass. You may have to re-run failing tests - server restarts or race conditions may interfere with them. We have reduced them greatly, but some are impossible to avoid.

Author: Feedback:
```suggestion
1. Wait for the GitHub tests to pass. You may have to re-run failing tests—server restarts or race conditions may interfere with them. We have reduced them greatly, but some are impossible to avoid.
```

1. Make your pull request. Work in progress pull requests are great too. A pull request must be reviewed before it can be merged.

## .env

You need to make your own `.env` file. It contains sensitive variables, like passwords. We use them for our internal tests. The file should look something like the below:

```
# For everyone

DOCASSEMBLE_DEVELOPER_API_KEY=<ask @plocket>
SERVER_URL=https://apps-dev.suffolklitlab.org
REPO_URL=https://github.com/SuffolkLITLab/alkiln
SERVER_RELOAD_TIMEOUT_SECONDS=
MAX_SECONDS_FOR_SETUP=

# For internal tests

# Set DEBUG to 1 to run in non-headless mode and see the test run live
DEBUG=

> BRANCH_PATH=v4

Author: ```suggestion
# If you edit interview files (.yml files), you should push to a new 
# branch and update BRANCH_PATH to that branch name
BRANCH_PATH=v4
```

USER1_EMAIL=<ask @plocket>
USER1_PASSWORD=<ask @plocket>
SECRET_VAR1=secret-var1-value
SECRET_VAR2=secret-var2-value
SECRET_FOR_MISSING_FIELD=secret for missing field
SECRET_INVALID_THERE_IS_ANOTHER=invalid value for there_is_another
```

## Running internal tests

> Make the code available to test on the docassemble server:

Author: ```suggestion
Only run this the first time you run tests in this repository to make the code available to test on the docassemble server:
```

```
npm run setup
```

> To be able to keep running tests on the same code, avoid takedown.

Author: ```suggestion
If you run `takedown`, you will then have to run `setup` again.
```

Use the syntax below to trigger all tests (cucumber and unit tests):
```
npm run test
```

Run only cucumber tests:
```
npm run cucumber

# To test Features or Scenarios specific tags:
npm run cucumber -- "--tags" "@tagname"
```

To run the unit tests in isolation:
```
npm run unit
```

> When done you want to test a new branch or internal test interview files have been updated, clean up before setting up again:

Author: ```suggestion
When done, if you want to test a new branch or internal test interview files have been updated, clean up before setting up again:
```

Author: ```suggestion
If you or someone else changes the interview code in `./docassemble`, you have to clean up the old data on the server before running `setup` again:
```

```
npm run takedown
```

## Very general architecture of files and folders

> An honest look at our current project architecture - some of our files and folders, what they do, and how they interact.

Author: Feedback:
```suggestion
An honest look at our current project architecture—some of our files and folders, what they do, and how they interact.
```

    scope.timeout
  );
});
```

#### steps.js

`./lib/steps.js` defines all the Gherkin sentences that our users (the developers) can write. See [cucumber documentation on defining steps](https://cucumber.io/docs/cucumber/step-definitions/?lang=javascript). We sometimes use "cucumber expressions" and, but often use regular expressions as we often want to be more flexible about the user's input.

The file handles things like:
* Creating state
* Defining steps for the users/developers
* Defining steps for internal testing, like testing for appropriate errors and error messages
* Finishing a Scenario
* Finishing all tests

#### scope.js

`./lib/steps.js` makes heavy use of `./lib/scope.js`, where most of the action happens. We have decided to mostly keep it in one file to avoid bouncing back and forth between files.

Many `./lib/steps.js` steps make use of the `scope.steps` object. It is there to avoid duplicating code between steps.

The file handles things like:
* Finding form fields on a page
* Filling out form fields
* Generating random data for form fields
* Waiting for pages to load
* Checking for server restarts
* Generating test report content

### Logging

> `./lib/utils/log.js` takes care of logging information of various kinds (normal, debug, error) to the console in ways we find useful. We should probably find a logging library instead, but this is what we have for now. An important feature is that it ensures the messages clearly belong to ALKiln and not to some other process.

Author: Feedback:
```suggestion
`./lib/utils/log.js` takes care of logging information of various kinds (normal, debug, error) to the command line in ways we hope are useful. We should probably find a logging library instead, but this is what we have for now. An important feature is that it ensures the messages clearly belong to ALKiln and not to some other process.
```

### session_vars.js

The `./lib/utils/session_var.js` file keeps track of what you might otherwise think of as environment variables. We like to think of them as constants, but some of them do need go through functions, so for consistency we get them all through functions. Also because it was easier to test them when they are functions.

### Setup and takedown logic

All of the setup and takedown logic is in the `./lib/docassemble` directory. It is named after the docassemble API code that is in there. Also, setup and takedown interact very closely with docassemble and the docassemble server.

Other files also use the docassemble API functions, so this folder is in a bit of a messy position.

### Bash commands

> Our `./package.json` uses the code in the `script` directive to setup, run, and takedown tests. We are working on converting this to a command line tool to avoid some complexity in GitHub actions, increase security, and align more with what this framework has grown into. (TODO: Define this better)

Author: ```suggestion
When you `npm run` the scripts in our `./package.json` you can setup, run, or takedown tests. We are working on converting this to a command line tool to avoid some complexity in GitHub actions, increase security, and align more with what this framework has grown into. (TODO: Define this better)
```

### GitHub composite action

Our `./action.yml` is a [composite action](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/creating-actions/creating-a-composite-action). The users/developers let it do most of the work for them. It installs npm, installs our repo, then uses our repo to set up the tests, run the tests, generate and save reports, errors, and screenshots, and clean up the tests.

### Internal cucumber test interviews

> To run internal integrated tests, our repository itself includes a docassemble project. Most of its files are in the `./docassemble` directory. There are other files it needs, like `./setup.py`. This is what gets pulled into the docassemble server when the internal cucumber tests are run.

Author: Feedback:
```suggestion
To run internal integrated tests, our repository itself includes a docassemble project. Most of its files are in the `./docassemble` directory. There are other files it needs, like `./setup.py`. The interviews (.yml files) in `./docassemble` are what get pulled into the docassemble server when the internal cucumber tests are run with
```

Author: ```suggestion
We have our own docassemble package in our repo to test our own end-to-end tests. Most of what the package needs is in `./docassemble`. That docassemble package is what the test setup pulls into the docassemble server. Our internal end-to-end cucumber tests are `.feature` files that are stored in `./docassemble/ALKilnTests/data/sources`. The interview (online form) `.yml` files that those `.feature` files use are also deep in the `./docassemble` package. You probably won't be touching the interview files. If you get curious, feel free to ask us.

  There are other files the docassemble package needs, like `./setup.py`, so if you see them around, don't worry about them.
```

```
npm run cucumber
```

> Those tests are the `.feature` files stored in `./docassemble/ALKilnTests/data/sources`.

Author: Feedback
```suggestion
Those internal cucumber tests are the `.feature` files stored in `./docassemble/ALKilnTests/data/sources`.
```

Author: Feedback: Maybe move to the very front. Something like:
"The internal integration end-to-end test are cucumber tests that are stored in the `.feature` files."

Author: Closed by other edit.

> ```
> npm run cucumber
> ```
> 
> Those tests are the `.feature` files stored in `./docassemble/ALKilnTests/data/sources`.

Author: ```suggestion
```

> Our unit tests use chai for assertions. They are in `./tests/unit_tests` and their filenames end in `.test.js`. The fixtures for the tests are also contained in that folder and end in `.fixtures.js`.

Author: ```suggestion
Our unit tests, like the cucumber tests, use chai for assertions. They are in `./tests/unit_tests` and their filenames end in `.test.js`. The fixtures for the tests are also contained in that folder and end in `.fixtures.js`.
```

Author: Feedback: Swap sentences. "Our unit tests are in... They..."

Author: ```suggestion
Our unit tests are in `./tests/unit_tests` and their filenames end in `.test.js`. Like the cucumber tests, they use chai for assertions. The fixtures for the tests are also contained in that folder and end in `.fixtures.js`.
```

> Instructions for running tests should be near the top of this document.

Author: Feedback: Give link

Author: ```suggestion
If you want to know the commands, you can go to the [instructions for running tests](#running-internal-tests).
```

# Contributing

For documentation changes, you can just edit and make a pull request. Ignore the instructions below.

> ## Setup
> 
> 1. Asking to join as a contributor is simplest. You can fork, but you will have to change lines in your `.env` file and may have to set GitHub secrets in your repository. You have to talk to us either way.

Author: ```suggestion
## Setup

If you are not already in contact with us, you can join the #assembly-line-test channel in the [docassemble Slack](https://docassemble.org/docs/support.html#tocAnchor-1-1) or [make a new issue](https://github.com/SuffolkLITLab/ALKiln/issues/new) and mention @niharikasingh to let us know you're interested.

1. Asking to join as a contributor is simplest. You can fork, but you will have to change lines in your `.env` file and may have to set GitHub secrets in your repository. You have to talk to us either way.
```

Author: https://docassemble.org/docs/support.html#tocAnchor-1-1

1. Make an issue about the change you are thinking of.
1. Assign yourself to an issue.
1. Make a new branch.
1. Make your edits. Feel free to [run tests](#running-internal-tests) as you go.
1. When you're ready to push
   1. Run `npm run test` to make sure your code passes all our tests.
   1. Make an entry in the `CHANGELOG.md` describing your change.
   1. AVOID changing the version number. We'll do that after merging your changes.
   1. If needed, update the `README.md` (e.g. the cheat sheet section) and/or `CONTRIBUTING.md` docs. Changes to our architecture might require editing `CONTRIBUTING.md`.
1. Push to GitHub.
1. Wait for the GitHub tests to pass. You may have to re-run failing tests—server restarts or race conditions may interfere with them. We have reduced them greatly, but some are impossible to avoid.
1. Make your pull request. Work in progress pull requests are great too. A pull request must be reviewed before it can be merged.

## .env

You need to make your own `.env` file. It contains sensitive variables, like passwords. We use them for our internal tests. The file should look something like the below:

```

> # For everyone
> 
> DOCASSEMBLE_DEVELOPER_API_KEY=<ask @plocket>
> SERVER_URL=https://apps-dev.suffolklitlab.org
> REPO_URL=https://github.com/SuffolkLITLab/alkiln
> SERVER_RELOAD_TIMEOUT_SECONDS=
> MAX_SECONDS_FOR_SETUP=
> 
> # For internal tests
> 
> # Set DEBUG to 1 to run in non-headless mode and see the test run live
> DEBUG=
> # If you edit interview files (.yml files), you should push to a new 
> # branch and update BRANCH_PATH to that branch name
> BRANCH_PATH=v4
> USER1_EMAIL=<ask @plocket>
> USER1_PASSWORD=<ask @plocket>

Author: ```suggestion
# For everyone

DOCASSEMBLE_DEVELOPER_API_KEY=<ask @niharikasingh>
SERVER_URL=https://apps-dev.suffolklitlab.org
REPO_URL=https://github.com/SuffolkLITLab/alkiln
SERVER_RELOAD_TIMEOUT_SECONDS=
MAX_SECONDS_FOR_SETUP=

# For internal tests

# Set DEBUG to 1 to run in non-headless mode and see the test run live
DEBUG=
# If you edit interview files (.yml files), you should push to a new 
# branch and update BRANCH_PATH to that branch name
BRANCH_PATH=v4
USER1_EMAIL=<ask @niharikasingh>
USER1_PASSWORD=<ask @niharikasingh>
```

There are other files the docassemble package needs, like `./setup.py`, so if you see them around, don't worry about them.

Our unit tests are in `./tests/unit_tests` and their filenames end in `.test.js`. Like the cucumber tests, they use chai for assertions. The fixtures for the tests are also contained in that folder and end in `.fixtures.js`.

If you want to know the commands, you can go to the [instructions for running tests](#running-internal-tests).

### Files that you don't need to look at

`index.js` and `world.js` are short files that cucumber needs. `./lib/utils/langs.js` used to work, but we're not sure it does anymore. No one has used it yet, so we're waiting to experiment until someone expresses a need or we have some extra time.

> # Footnotes

Author: ```suggestion
## Footnotes
```

# Contributing

For documentation changes, you can just edit and make a pull request. Ignore the instructions below.

## Setup

1. Asking to join as a contributor is simplest. You can fork, but you will have to change lines in your `.env` file and may have to set GitHub secrets in your repository. You have to talk to us either way.
1. Clone the repository locally: `git clone git@github.com:SuffolkLITLab/ALKiln.git`
1. Run `npm install`
1. Create [your `.env` file](#env) at the root of the project.

> 1. Contact @plocket to get important information for your `.env` file.

Author: Feedback: Can we actually give them an email address or something to contact?

Author: ```suggestion
1. Contact @niharikasingh to get important information for your `.env` file.
```

# For internal tests

# Set DEBUG to 1 to run in non-headless mode and see the test run live
DEBUG=
# If you edit interview files (.yml files), you should push to a new 
# branch and update BRANCH_PATH to that branch name
BRANCH_PATH=v4
USER1_EMAIL=<ask @plocket>
USER1_PASSWORD=<ask @plocket>
SECRET_VAR1=secret-var1-value
SECRET_VAR2=secret-var2-value
SECRET_FOR_MISSING_FIELD=secret for missing field
SECRET_INVALID_THERE_IS_ANOTHER=invalid value for there_is_another
```

## Running internal tests
Only run this the first time you run tests in this repository to make the code available to test on the docassemble server:
```
npm run setup
```
If you run `takedown`, you will then have to run `setup` again.

Use the syntax below to trigger all tests (cucumber and unit tests):
```
npm run test
```

Run only cucumber tests:
```
npm run cucumber

# To test Features or Scenarios specific tags:
npm run cucumber -- "--tags" "@tagname"
```

To run the unit tests in isolation:
```
npm run unit
```

If you or someone else changes the interview code in `./docassemble`, you have to clean up the old data on the server before running `setup` again:
```
npm run takedown
```

## How the tests run

> 
> This section requires knowledge of the docassemble platform a bit, as well as GitHub actions, so be wary. We're hoping to improve this.

Author: ```suggestion
```

> Our tests require the user/developer to have a docassemble server on which they host these interviews (online forms) and at least one developer account. When GitHub runs the tests, it does the following:

Author: ```suggestion
Our tests require the user/developer to have a docassemble server on which they host these interviews (online forms) and at least one developer account. With our help, our users set up the tests to run when they commit new code or to run manually. When GitHub runs the tests, it does the following:
```

1. Sets up on the docassemble server. In a given developer account:
   1. Creates a new interview for this particular branch of the repository.
   1. Pulls in the code from that branch into the docassemble server.
1. Runs the tests
   1. Pretends to be an anonymous account that comes to the form and inputs answers.
   1. Writes up reports and possibly takes screenshots to show to the developer.
1. Cleans up by deleting the interview it created

> The developers have a GitHub action that is really just a wrapper. It uses a composite action in our repository and gives important variables, like their GitHub secret of the API key for their docassemble server developer account.

Author: ```suggestion
When the developer commits code to GitHub, their account triggers our code, passing along variables that our code needs, like their GitHub secret of the API key for their docassemble server developer account.
```
